This is the Web100srv Readme file.  It provides a brief description
of the web100srv program.

The web100srv program is designed to use web100 data to analyze a
client's TCP stack and the local network this client attaches to.
A multi-level set of diagnostic messagese provide feedback to the 
user and can be forwarded to a systems or network administrator to 
aid in resolving uer problems.

The simplest way to access this tool is to use a java enabled web
browser.  Simply connect to the NDT servers' fakewww process and
press the 'Start' button once the java applet has loaded.  Another
approach is to use the 'web100clt' command line version of the 
client program.

The web100 server process performs several diagnostic tasks that
can aid users and administrators in understanding what problems
may exist in a network.  The program has a number of options
     $ /usr/local/sbin/web100srv -h
     Usage: /usr/local/sbin/web100srv {options}
	     -a 	Generate administrator view html page
	     -d 	print additional diagnostic messages
		     Note: add multiple d's (-ddd) for more details
	     -h 	print help message (this message)
	     -m 	select single or multi-test mode
	     -q 	disable FIFO queuing of client requests
	     -r 	record client to server Web100 variables
	     -t 	write tcpdump formatted file to disk
	     -x 	enable any experimental code
	     -v 	print version number
     
	     -b buffer size 	Set TCP send/recv buffers to user value
	     -f variable_FN 	specify alternate 'web100_variables' file
	     -i device 	specify network interface (libpcap device)
	     -l Log_FN 	specify alternate 'web100srv.log' file
	     -p port# 	specify primary port number (default 3001)
     ANL NDT version 3.0.9

By default the web100srv process uses 3 TCP ports to communicate with
the client.  Port 3001 is used as a command channel allowing the server
and client to exchange state information and test results.  Port 3002
is used when the client streams data to the server.  A 10 second test
is used to determine the upload speed.  Port 3003 is used when the
server streams data to the client, and when middlebox testing is being
performed.  A 10 second test is used to determine the download speed.

Once all tests have been completed, the server access the web100 data
generated on this port.  This data is processed and results messages
are displayed.  Additional diagnostic messages are also available
allowing the user to dig as deep as necessary to understand why the tests
produced the reported results.

In addition to looking at web100 variables, the server also uses the 
pcap library routines to perform some packet dispersion measurements.
This task aids in determining what the underlying network capacity is.
The web100srv process monitors all test traffic it generates and times
when each Data or ACK packet is sent/received.  These times are quantized
and the result are interpered by the web100srv process.

Lastly, the web100 and packet dispersion results are written to a log
file for post-processing at a later date.
